---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Summary
Gave presentation; fought with the Cookiegorgon; looked up movie databases.

## Details
To kick off the week, Timo (my mentor from last year) and I gave a talk to some
important visitors at CMU—that is, I quickly planned, created slides for, and
delivered a presentation based on the DREU/ArticuLab work I completed last
year. It was definitely the shortest time in which I've prepped a talk
(<3 hours) and it was definitely not my finest public speaking moment, but it
went pretty okay.

I spent a good portion of the week trying to get various repositories of code
working on the Cookiegorgon, who apparently either doesn't like me or doesn't
like the project architecture (specifically, the part that does natural
language understanding, aka NLU). To get the overall system at least running on
the laptop, I created a "fake NLU" component that, instead of actually
interpreting user speech, searched for certain keywords and made consequent
guesses (i.e., detecting "Timothée Chalamet" in a sentence led to assuming the
user likes Timothée Chalamet). This was generally helpful for the team in that
we now have a backup if things go wrong (or if we want to test only part of the
system).

To take a break from the Cookiegorgon problem, I also
a) refined my log-to-transcript parsing code from last week and fully
incorporated it into the architecture and b) updated and re-formatted a bunch
of READMEs for a bunch of repositories.

Finally, after a week of getting acquainted with the project status (and code),
I met with Florian to discuss project goals for the summer. For the first part
(aka up until our team's next demo, in mid-July), I'll be working on extending
task functionality of the system. In other words, I'm adding to the
architecture so that our virtual assistant can give plot summaries,
Rotten Tomatoes ratings, etc. in addition to just movie titles; I got started
on that process by diving into movie API research.
