---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

So my first week at the ArticuLab was a little nervewracking, mostly because
everyone is so brilliant and wonderful, and I am perpetually in admiration/fear
(mostly fear) of brilliant and wonderful people.

But nervewrackingness aside, it was a pretty fun time. Lauren, the lab manager,
set up a workstation and laptop for me, and the rest of my team helped with
everything from downloading things to explaining code.

To get started, I read some papers on incremental processing
(provided slash written by Timo, my "direct" mentor for the summer),
downloaded some software, and cloned some GitHub repositories.

By the second day, I was able to have small (slightly hardcoded) conversations
with Sara (to differentiate between the overall system and the virtual
assistant, I'll use SARA and Sara, respectively) via phoneâ€”I say slightly
hardcoded because instead of using an actual dialog manager, I ran the code
through a file that spat out the same outputs each time. At any rate, I was
able to use the resulting log messages to trace through the code and better
understand how the system works.

I continued chatting with Sara and collecting data for most of the week,
noticing which processes seemed to take more time (200 milliseconds) than
others (0 or 1 milliseconds). I was also able to collect phone logs through
Logcat on Android Studio and eventually NLU (Natural Language Understanding)
and DM (Dialog Manager) logs.

Since my eventual objective is to create a data structure that can analyze all
this information for me, I started thinking about different ways to parse the
logs and obtain the important lines. I also spoke with Timo about the logistic
 of the data structure; since I'm already familiar with Java, he suggested I
use that to code. We finished off the week by (after our team meeting) drawing
out a proposed data structure (to be implemented in the very near future).
