---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

So my first week at the ArticuLab was a little nervewracking, mostly because
everyone is so brilliant and wonderful, and I am perpetually in admiration/fear
(mostly fear) of brilliant and wonderful people.

But nervewrackingness aside, it was a pretty fun time. Lauren, the lab manager,
set up a workstation and laptop for me, and the rest of my team helped with
everything from downloading things to explaining code.

To get started, I read some papers on incremental processing
(provided slash written by Timo, my "direct" mentor for the summer),
downloaded some software, and cloned some GitHub repositories.

By the second day, I was able to have small (slightly hardcoded) conversations
with Sara (to differentiate between the overall system and the virtual
assistant, I'll use SARA and Sara, respectively) via phone—I say slightly
hardcoded because instead of using an actual dialog manager, I ran the code
through a file that spat out the same outputs each time. At any rate, I was
able to use the resulting log messages to trace through the code and better
understand how the system works.

I continued chatting with Sara and collecting data for most of the week,
noticing which processes seemed to take more time (200 milliseconds) than
others (0 or 1 milliseconds). I was also able to collect phone logs through
Logcat on Android Studio and eventually NLU (Natural Language Understanding)
and DM (Dialog Manager) logs.

Since my eventual objective is to create a data structure that can analyze all
this information for me, I started thinking about different ways to parse the
logs and obtain the important lines. I also spoke with Timo about the logistic
 of the data structure; since I'm already familiar with Java, he suggested I
use that to code. We finished off the week by (after our team meeting) drawing
out a proposed data structure (to be implemented in the very near future).
