---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Started running my user study.

Officially started conducting my user study on Tuesday.
The day before, I did a runthrough with Florian, during which he caught an
inordinate amount of holes in my execution, i.e., potential questions that I
didn't answer and specifications I didn't address. Can the agent recommend any
existing movie? Can you request multiple actors at once? (Answers: only ones
released within the last five years, and no.)

Florian also gave me tons of helpful suggestions on how to
improve/simplify/organize my explanations. In other words, I now owe him
2834901 times over. I'm also now wondering if I flunked all those how-to
projects in grade school or if I'm just mortifyingly out of practice?

At any rate, it was cool to get the hang of (hopefully) properly running an
experiment—and it felt super professional to walk people through consent forms,
explain procedures, and slide the conference's sliding door shut so they could
talk to the agent privately (even if their voices were audible from outside).
A lot of things, like differential equations and parallel parking and Chinese
leapfrog, only really click once you actually do them for yourself, and
designing/executing a user study is definitely one of those things.

In other news, I helped annotate rapport for another intern's project, which
was a welcome change after, like, my third iteration of the user study.
(Figuring out how to explain everything was interesting, but parroting that
explanation, not so much.)
